he's gone and now you call again
one comes he does not get at you
no who are you because my name is bond
James Bond
that's a funny name and you know
I stop now with oh so well
Happy New Year
I have two pets yes two
Goldfish offers one as one
among other things as 2 yes if one dies
I still have 2
I have a riddle for you yes what is
that it depends on the wall and does
stinks of fish I do not know one
Clock
but it does not look like fish
I only said that a bit
difficult to make
the question is so you know what the
Hammer is not a tool
how can you do it in a single day only
so much shit talking
I start very early
So that rarely this woman and her
have seen
whoever you who no that matters for
get done with me if you really like that
a lot of money is then proves it
okay, for example, the name unmarried
something yes opera is full to the edge
line just against the wall
close something of business, of course
you know it's shitty if you do
bitten by the dog is french what
says the term boulevard when milking
Melka wanted the customers to be clear
boulevard